



                                      LEASE

     THIS LEASE by and between  Cleveland Properties LLC, a Tennessee  Limited
Liability   Company    hereinafter    called   the   "Lessor,"   and   Cleveland
Chrysler-Plymouth Jeep-Eagle, LLC,  a  Tennessee  Limited  Liability  Company,
hereinafter called the "Lessee."

                              W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Lessee herein desires to lease from Lessor and the Lessor
desires to lease to the Lessee certain premises hereinafter described.

     NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration of the covenants,  terms, and conditions
hereinafter set forth, Lessor and Lessee agree as follows:

     1. Description and Term. In consideration of the rents hereinafter reserved
and all terms, conditions,  covenants, and agreements hereinafter contained, the
Lessor  hereby  leases and demises to the Lessee,  and the Lessee  hereby hires,
leases and takes from the Lessor the property located at 2950 South Lee Highway,
Cleveland Tennessee (hereinafter called the Premises).

     (a) Description. The Premises, the subject of this Lease between Lessor and
Lessee, is the land and buildings located on the real property more particularly
described on Exhibit A attached hereto.

     (b) Term.  The term of this Lease shall be fifteen (15) years from April 1,
1996 until March 31, 2011.

     (c) Possession.  Lessee's  possession of the Premises,  carries with it all
the  obligations  of Lessee  under  this  Lease,  including  all  covenants  and
conditions and all responsibilities.

     2. Rent. The annual rental for the first five (5) years of the term of this
Lease  shall  be  One  Hundred   Sixty-Eight   Thousand  and  No/100ths  Dollars
($168,000.00).  The Lessee agrees to pay said rent in lawful money of the United
States in equal monthly  installments of Fourteen Thousand and No/l00ths Dollars
($14,000.00)  in advance of the first day of the month  beginning April 1, 1996,
and thereafter  upon the same day of each  successive  month during the term, at
the office of the Lessor or at such other  place as Lessor may  designate.  Upon
the  expiration of the first five (5) years of the term of this Lease,  the rent
shall be adjusted by an amount equal to forty percent (40%) of the increase,  if
any, in the debt service  amount  payable  under  Lessor's loan (or any renewal,
extension,  modification or replacement thereof) secured by the Premises. Lessor
shall notify Lessee of the amount of such rent  adjustment,  and said rent shall
be paid in equal monthly  installments in advance of the first day of each month
for the remainder of the term of this Lease.

     3. Covenant to Pay Rent and Use. In consideration of the foregoing letting,
the Lessee does hereby covenant and agree as follows:




          (a) To payment as aforementioned and herein provided; and

          (b) Not to use and not to permit or suffer the use of the Premises for
     illegal or unlawful  purposes,  but for an  automobile  dealership  for the
     purpose of selling and servicing new and used automobiles

     4. "For  Sale" and "To Let"  Signs.  During  the last six (6) months of the
term of this Lease or any renewals thereof, unless the Lessee has given a notice
to renew pursuant to paragraph 3 of this Lease, the Lessor may maintain "To Let"
or "For Sale" signs upon the Premises and may freely exhibit the Premises to any
prospective  tenants  and/or  purchasers;  provided,  however,  that  Lessor has
notified Lessee of such exhibition and it occurs during  reasonable  times after
normal business hours or as otherwise agreed.

     5.   Acceptance  of  Premises,   Maintenance  and   Improvements.   At  the
commencement  of the term,  the Lessee  accepts the land and  buildings in their
existing condition. No representation,  statement or warranty express or implied
has been made by or on behalf of the Lessor as to such  condition,  or as to the
use that may be of such property. In no event shall the Lessor be liable for any
defect in such property or for any limitation in its use.

     Lessor shall have no further  responsibility  for maintenance or repairs of
the Premises  after the  beginning of the term of this Lease.  Lessee  agrees to
make all interior and exterior  repairs and/or  improvements to the buildings at
its own expense and to  reasonably  maintain  the  Premises  for the term of the
Lease. Lessee shall at the end of the Lease term, or any renewal thereof, return
the  Premises to the Lessor in as good a condition as when the Lease term began,
excepting damage caused by fire or other catastrophe not resulting from Lessee's
gross  negligence  and excepting  ordinary  wear and tear.  Lessee shall make no
repairs,  alterations  or  improvements  to the Premises  which would affect the
structural  integrity of the Premises without first requesting  permission to do
so from the  Lessor  and  obtaining  written  approval  from  Lessor,  provided,
however, such written approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

         6.  Governmental  Requirements.  The Lessee agrees that it shall comply
with all requirements of all laws,  orders,  ordinances,  and regulations  which
shall impose any duty upon the owner or occupant of the Premises.

     7. Parking Area and Driveways.  Lessee specifically covenants to Lessor and
agrees to maintain for the full term of this Lease,  and any  renewals  thereof,
the driveways and parking areas which are a part of the Premises.

     8. Permits.  Any permits required from any  governmental  agency because of
the use of the  Premises by the Lessee  shall be secured by the Lessee and shall
be its  sole  obligation  and the  failure  to  obtain  any such  permit  or the
revocation  of any such  permit  at any time  shall in no way alter the terms or
conditions of this Lease.


                                       2








